1.My wife is handicapped and has a difficult time rising to a standing from a sitting position. The Lift’s robust design with her on one end and me on the other makes it easy for her to maneuver versus her prior situation.

2.Excellent product, in my opinion, it is essential for senior citizens who are safety oriented. It works.

3.My daughter and son-in-law are larger people. Both diabetic and have issues getting up and down. My daughter fell the evening before we got this. Thanks to the video we were able to improvise and get her up. NOW we have this lifter and both tried it as soon as I got home yesterday. It works GREAT!!!!! I will not let it get too far away anytime.

4.My husband is 85 and I am 78.
My husband had a hip replacement and kept falling.
This tool is so wonderful I can pick my husband up by myself...I no longer have to call 911
Thank you for inventing this fabulous helper

5.As I age, getting up is more of a challenge each day. I need chair arms to push off and if I don't have them, may end up stuck and need help. Also in light of upcoming surgery that will compromise my abdominal muscles during recovery I was eager to have something that would minimize the discomfort but allowing my helper to pull me up. I'm quite overweight but my helper was able to pull me up with ease.

6.Thought these were dumb, but they really help my family member who has mobility issues get up and transfer. She has significant arthritis in her shoulder, but using this does not cause her any pain. Wound up ordering more for all the places she routinely transfers, bed, stair lift, car. Would recommend.

7.Such a simple tool that allows indivuals to gain independence even when depending on others. Lightweight, easy to use, and works well. I would buy more than one. Keep one where you are most of the time, one in your car, and one in your purse.

8.I recently had surgery on my right foot where its hard to get off the couch, a friend can make it easier getting me up by using that.